{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red196\green255\blue139;\red236\green255\blue191;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c80504\c100000\c61376;\cssrgb\c94001\c100000\c79269;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9600\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 What is the title of your website? \cf2 MY COOL WEB SITE\
\cf0 Background Color\
Choose the name of a color, or in format '#XXXXXX': \cf2 #cc2222\
\cf0 You will now choose a font.\
Do you want to see what the fonts look like? [yes] \cf2 no\
\cf0 Choose a font by its number.\
0: Arial, size 16\
1: Comic Sans MS, size 16\
2: Lucida Grande, size 16\
3: Tahoma, size 16\
4: Verdana, size 16\
5: Helvetica, size 16\
6: Times New Roman, size 16\
 >> \cf2 6\
\cf0 Paragraph Text Color\
Choose the name of a color, or in format '#XXXXXX': \cf2 Black\
\cf0 Heading Color\
Choose the name of a color, or in format '#XXXXXX': \cf3 #00cccc\
\cf0 Title of your paragraph: \cf2 First Paragraph\
\cf0 Content of your paragraph (single line)\
\cf3 First day, I was born\
\cf0 Do you want to add images? [yes] \cf2 no\
\cf0 Do you want to add another paragraph to your website? [yes] \
Title of your paragraph: \cf3 Now\
\cf0 Content of your paragraph (single line)\
\cf2 I am a warrior for academic justice.\cf0 \
Do you want to add images? [yes] \
Image file name: \cf2 images/logo.jpg\
\cf0 Do you want to add another image? [yes] \cf2 yes\cf0 \
Image file name: \cf2 images/WOW.jog\
\cf0 Do you want to add another image? [yes] \cf2 n\
\cf0 Do you want to add another paragraph to your website? [yes] \cf2 n\cf0 \
}